well it's week seven and CLG and you
know counter logic fashion has continued
their their history with an upset over
cloud nine I'm joined right now by Tony
six law the coach of counter logic
gaming with coverage presented by Omni
slash to talk a little bit about this
so Tony things have been interesting on
CLG you know a lot of people predicted
you guys to be near the top
throughout the split Jack being maybe
your biggest proponent and unfortunately
right now you guys are more towards the
bottom how have things been going on
behind the scenes from your perspective
yeah we've faced a lot of challenges
especially surrounding shotcalling
we've been pretty vocal about that and
transparent with their fans that that's
probably the place that we've had the
most trouble this blip so this week what
we did in preparation to try to resolve
some of the challenges that we're facing
with shock align was we had a team
discussion and we changed our
shotcalling system a lot and vincent
currently is our shot caller for the
team so he'll be the one that's pretty
much making a lot of the macro decisions
getting people on the same page but
there is still a lot of things that are
communicated from the entire team it's
not like a one-man army like commander
type situation it's just he's like the
the decision-maker I guess is the best
way to put it and how's that how's that
been going and specifically how did Pyle
Frost receive that because I know when I
interviewed you or maybe it was darshan
somebody at the start of the split there
was a conversation about like bio Frost
came to the team said he wanted be more
vocal but did not want to be the
shot-caller so now he's kind of in that
position so how did that conversation
kind of go down uh I mean during the
meeting we had a few people that stepped
forward that were like eager I guess to
get their chance at being the
shot-caller like Jay I thought you hated
still a pretty pretty swell job I think
that he could have been more like
demanding as a leader but overall I
think that he's very very smart about
the game and it's not like we don't
believe in Jay in that way I think like
like I said Jay is very very smart about
the game but we wanted to just give
other people an opportunity
and you know darshan tried Trevor tried
J tried Vincent tried all of them did
pretty well and we figured that since
Vincent was already covering a lot of
our macro anyway that it just made the
most sense that we like start by
experimenting with with Vincent instead
of what we had before which was more
like a dual shot-caller system sure we
wanted to fully commit to just one
person so that was kind of that outcome
there so let's talk a little bit about
the game you guys just played with cloud
nine it felt as though they had control
of the game a lot in the very beginning
and then they kind of gave you guys a
little bit of an opening but you guys
cease and we're able to really take
advantage of that in the light game how
do you feel about clg's performance in
that match like how much better were you
guys in that game versus for instance
last week's game against skull guardians
or some of the other games you guys have
been struggling in recently I felt like
in the past like during the golden
Guardians game - I felt like there was
like a very like heavy lack of control
from our team like we didn't really know
how to control the game and that we
didn't really have solid plans that we
could like listen to it was like
everybody's kind of like doing their own
thing
so we put another like pretty like heavy
focus on this during the week just to
make sure that everybody is on the same
page
understanding what plans we need to make
and how we can execute based on that so
this game specifically I feel like in
the early game we had a very we had a
very like clear plan of how we wanted to
play the game we made a lot of mistakes
on our bottom side which is supposed to
be our winning side of the map and that
you know that was pretty pretty
unfortunate but once we hit mid game I
was pretty confident still that we could
win the game because our comp execute
really well when it starts to be a 5v5
they have two champions that aren't
super strong in teamfights and we have
like five champions that are strong in
teamfights so I was confident with our
ability to close even though we're like
down like 5k gold in this game because
our team fighting is just much stronger
and they don't really have champions
that are strong if they're forced to
teamfight yeah
now we can shift a little bit before
this interview you're giving me a little
crap because there was a video that went
up on my channel that was like should
CLG replace head coach six and there has
been you know part of the reason that
happened that was a conversation we had
on a hotline league and part of the
reason I think it came up was you know
not only did a fan calling about it but
there's also been a lot of conversation
on the steel G subreddit among steel G
fans people saying your drafts have been
questionable conversely the industry I
feel like whenever those conversations
pop up sort of laugh at it you know a
lot of people and the industry I feel
like have a lot of faith in your
abilities as a coach
so what do you think about first off how
you been coaching recently and also sort
of the fan sentiment or the fans that
are kind of questioning your ability to
lead the team so what's it what's it
exact question the exact question is
what do you think of people calling for
your head among the CLG fans I mean I
think everybody is allowed to have their
own opinion they don't really have full
information so they're just kind of
grasping at straws to what would make
the fastest and quickest change I mean
changing leadership is going to have
that fast and quick change that they all
desire but they really like I said don't
really know what is going on behind the
scenes especially like talking about
draft this is a thing that people within
the industry I've talked about a lot is
that coaches don't have like full
control of the draft in the sense that
they know exactly what to pick in every
situation no matter what a lot of that
information does come from the players
because if you think about you know the
players are the ones that are playing
the game coaches can do a lot of
analysis and statistics statistics
statistics to check and see like what's
strong what's weak what do you pick into
which champion like this kind of stuff
but like the actual feel of the game is
something that the players have and the
information that they get is really is
really valuable and important for the
draft so it is like really important to
just understand that I guess as a person
outside looking in is that draft is the
collaboration I don't think there's
going to be a single team that's you
know the coaches just like your
we'll play this champ only until we win
every game and then it doesn't it
doesn't work like that like there's
going to be a lot of back-and-forth
conversation and people figuring it out
together so I just don't I don't agree
with people saying that specifically for
draft is the reason why I should be
fired yeah I think that there are
improvements I can make with draft for
sure I'm not gonna say there's nothing
that I can remove there I think that
there is for sure but yeah I mean if
they want to have the opinion that I
should be fired that's fine I understand
it and just as a follow-up how do you
personally feel about your coaching
techniques recently and how well you've
been coaching over the course of the
split uh I would say I would just say
that uh as far as my coaching goes I've
just recognized that with changes in
players I have to really alter like my
style I guess like I have a pretty or
had a different style a split that I
felt works for the players and whenever
you have a new roster there's going to
be like a certain type of thing that the
teams are missing you kind of have to
you have to fill in that gap and I feel
like it's just been a challenge or a bit
of a challenge for me to try to find
exactly what that gap is that needs to
be filled but I feel like I have a good
grasp of what it is now and where I need
to make improvements with my individual
coaching so I think that uh it'll be
pretty good for me moving forward well
hey is there is there anything you'd
like to say here at the end of the
interview just thanks to all the CLG
fans that are still with us after a
pretty rough start I will say
but yeah I'm pretty confident that this
team can turn it around and that we can
start something pretty brilliant going
into playoffs we're gonna go for the six
oh okay I'm excited to see it and by the
way thank you Tony I know I've given you
crap in the past in interviews I know
you're not prone to doing interviews so
I appreciate the transparency from you
and also Nick on the CLG subreddit
earlier today so and I mean I mean that
truly thank you for the interview for
everyone else you can check out the rest
of my coverage of all things eSports
right here on the YouTube channel
yes Peter yes the money's in your
account I know yes the whole 20k yes
where I realize yeah okay I'll talk
listen I need you to subscribe to this
YouTube channel costs of production are
going up dramatically I I can't get into
specifics because I'm down under an NDA
that a pro player made me sign but the
costs are pretty high so thank you so
much to all me slash for making this
happen and please subscribe because it's
it's getting tough